\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c == Modifications :
@c == - 28 oct 2008 : Trying to handle é and ô characters


@c This file uses the @command command introduced in Texinfo 4.0.
@c %**start of header
@setfilename RainbruRPG.info
@settitle RainbruRPG
@finalout
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@ifinfo
@command{RainbruRPG} is an in-development 3D Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game

Copyright (C) 2006-2012 J@'er@^ome PASQUIER

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).

@end ignore
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title RainbruRPG
@subtitle A in-development Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game
@subtitle For RainbruRPG Version @value{VERSION}-214
@subtitle Last update @value{UPDATED}
@author by J@'er@^ome PASQUIER

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2006-2009 J@'er@^ome PASQUIER

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end titlepage

@c All the nodes can be updated using the EMACS command
@c texinfo-every-node-update, which is normally bound to C-c C-u C-e.
@node Top, Instructions, (dir), (dir)

@ifinfo
This file documents the @command{RainbruRPG} command, the client of an 
in-development Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game.
@end ifinfo

@c All the menus can be updated with the EMACS command
@c texinfo-all-menus-update, which is normally bound to C-c C-u C-a.
@menu
* Instructions::                How to read this manual. 
* Copying::                     The GNU General Public License
* Overview::                    Preliminary information.
* Server::                      How works the @command{RainbruRPG-server}
* Invoking RainbruRPG::         How to run @command{RainbruRPG}.
* Problems::                    Reporting bugs.
* Concept Index::               Index of concepts.
@end menu

@node Instructions, Copying, Top, Top
@chapter How to Read This Manual

@cindex reading
@cindex manual, how to read
@cindex how to read
This document attempts to be a user's manual for main RainbruRPG programs :
@itemize
@item
RainbruRPG : the client used to play
@item
RainbruRPG-server : the game server
@item
RainbruRPG-editor : the game editor
@end itemize

It is generated from a texinfo source found in the root directory but is
used in HTML form as a help center. To generate the HTML documentation and
install it please type :
@verbatim
   make html
   cp htmlMakefile.am RainbruRPG.html/Makefile.am
   autoconf
   automake
   ./configure --enable-all
@end verbatim

Or simply call the @command{./bootstrap} command.

@node Copying, Overview, Instructions, Top
@chapter Copying
@include gpl.texi

@node Overview, Server, Copying, Top
@chapter Overview
@cindex greetings
@cindex overview

The @command{RainbruRPG} program provides a 3D multiplayer role playing
game. It is not yet playable but it is in active devlopment.

@c The server documentation starts here
@node Server, Invoking RainbruRPG, Overview, Top
@chapter Server
@cindex sample

The @command{RainbruRPG-server} program is used to create a public server.
Each client must be connected to a server to be able to play but a single
server can accept multiple clients.

@section Identification
@cindex Identification

The identification of a server is done by an IP adress/UDP port pair. A problem
can occur if you are behind a router/firewall/NAT/DSL box. In this case, the 
IP adress of the computer running the game server is hidden by the router. 

You must use the port forwarding to provide access to your server from outside 
your local network. If your IP adress is 192.168.x.x or 10.x.x.x, you're 
probably behind a router. Please see your router's documentation to know how
setting a port forwarding.

@section File transfer
@cindex File transfer

To provide a client update when necessary, the server uses FTP. The File 
Transfer Protocol is based on TCP and uses 2 ports. The control channel is
used to send the FTP commands. The data channel, where the files are sent,
uses a second TCP port which is usually @command{channel_port-1}. You will 
need to use port forwarding for this 2 port if you are behind a 
firewall/router.

@section Quarantine
@cindex Quarantine

Editors can store new files on server to provides their own textures, models,
etc... Before users can use these new files, they are stored in a directory
where they cannot be retrieved : the quarantine. The server need to approve
each new files before it can be usable by the users.

If new files are coming, a notification will appear in your operating
system tray.

@node Invoking RainbruRPG, Problems, Server, Top
@chapter Invoking @command{RainbruRPG}
@cindex invoking
@cindex version
@cindex options
@cindex usage
@cindex help
@cindex getting help

The format for running the @command{RainbruRPG} program is:

@example
RainbruRPG @var{option} @dots{}
@end example

@code{RainbruRPG} supports the following options:

@c Formatting copied from the Texinfo 4.0 manual.
@table @code
@item --quiet
@itemx -q
Disables all logging messages on stdout. The messages will only be sent in the
RainbruRPG.log file, in the @command{RainbruRPG} execution directory.

@item --help
@itemx -?
Print an informative help message describing the options and then exit
successfully.

@item --version
@itemx -V
Print the version number of @command{RainbruRPG} on the standard output
and then exit successfully.
@end table

@node Problems, Concept Index, Invoking RainbruRPG, Top
@chapter Reporting Bugs
@cindex bugs
@cindex problems

If you find a bug in @command{RainbruRPG}, please send electronic mail to
@email{rainbru@@free.fr}.  Include the version number, which you can find by
running @w{@samp{RainbruRPG --version}}.  Also include in your message the
output that the program produced and the output you expected.@refill

If you have other questions, comments or suggestions about
@command{RainbruRPG}, contact the author via electronic mail to
@email{rainbru@@free.fr}.  The author will try to help you out, although he
may not have time to fix your problems.

@node Concept Index,  , Problems, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@cindex tail recursion
@printindex cp

@shortcontents
@contents
@bye
