\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c This file uses the @command command introduced in Texinfo 4.0.
@c %**start of header
@setfilename rainbrurpg-logger.info
@settitle The RainbruRPG's stream-oriented multi-output logging library
@finalout
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@set VERSION 0.0.0-9

@ifinfo
This file documents the @command{rainbrurpg-logger} command which is the 
RainbruRPG's stream-oriented multi-output logging library

Copyright (C) 2011 Jérôme Pasquier

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).

@end ignore
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title rainbrurpg-logger
@subtitle The RainbruRPG's stream-oriented multi-output logging library
@subtitle for logger Version @value{VERSION}
@author by J@'er@^ome Pasquier

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2011-2012 J@'er@^ome Pasquier

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end titlepage

@c All the nodes can be updated using the EMACS command
@c texinfo-every-node-update, which is normally bound to C-c C-u C-e.
@node Top, Instructions, (dir), (dir)

@ifinfo
This file documents the @command{rainbrurpg-logger} stream-oriented
multi-output logging library used by @command{RainbruRPG}.
@end ifinfo

@c All the menus can be updated with the EMACS command
@c texinfo-all-menus-update, which is normally bound to C-c C-u C-a.
@menu
* Instructions::                How to read this manual. 
* Copying::                     How you can copy and share @command{logger}.
* Overview::                    Preliminary information.
* Sample::                      Sample output from @command{logger}.
* Invoking logger::             How to run @command{logger}.
* Problems::                    Reporting bugs.
* Concept Index::               Index of concepts.
@end menu

@node Instructions, Copying, Top, Top
@chapter How to Read This Manual

@cindex reading
@cindex manual, how to read
@cindex how to read
This manual briefly presents the @emph{rainbrurpg logger} library, its usage,
command line options and main features.

@node Copying, Overview, Instructions, Top
@chapter Copying
@include gpl.texinfo

@node Overview, Sample, Copying, Top
@chapter Overview
@cindex greetings
@cindex overview

The GNU @command{rainbrurpg-logger} is a stream-oriented, multi-output
library. It is packaged with a @emph{log-reader} application to read
@strong{YAML} output to make easier log analysis after program execution.

GNU @command{rainbrurpg-logger} library was written by J@'er@^ome Pasquier.

@node Sample, Invoking logger, Overview, Top
@chapter Sample Output
@cindex sample, macros

Here are a realistic example of using the @command{rainbrurpg-logger}
library. The @emph{Logger.hpp} header defines some shortcut macros named
according to its log level.

@table @emph
@item LOGD
Log this message at @strong{debug} level, the less important one.
@item LOGV
With @strong{verbose} level, a bit more interesting that the previous one.
@item LOGI
@strong{informative} level for informations on normal program execution.
@item LOGW
the @strong{warning} level. Something goes wrong, but may be ignored in
many cases.
@item LOGE
Log this message at @strong{error} level. An error occurs and the program
may crash.
@item LOGC
the @strong{crirical} level indicates the program can't recover from an
error. Please feed a bug report.
@end table

Here how you can use the @command{logger} library :
@example
#include <Logger.hpp>

int
main(int argc, char** argv)
@{
  Rpg::Logger::init();
  Rpg::Logger::parse_program_options(argc, argv);

  LOGI("This is my new logger");
  LOGI("Testing it with Carine");
  LOGI(78 << "A string " << 'R');
  LOGW("It's a warning");
  LOGC("A critical error occurs");

  Rpg::Logger::free();
  return 0;
@}
@end example

It will produce @emph{tty}, @emph{plain text} and @emph{yaml} files.

@node Invoking logger, Problems, Sample, Top
@chapter Invoking @command{logger}
@cindex invoking
@cindex version
@cindex options
@cindex usage
@cindex help
@cindex getting help

The format for running a @command{rainbrurpg-logger} based program is:

@example
[executable] @var{option} @dots{}
@end example

@code{rainbrurpg-logger} supports the following options:

@c Formatting copied from the Texinfo 4.0 manual.
@table @code
@item --help
@itemx -?
Print an informative help message describing the options and then exit
successfully.

@item --version
@itemx -V
Print the version number of @command{rainbrurpg-logger} on the standard output
and then exit successfully.
@end table

@node Problems, Concept Index, Invoking logger, Top
@chapter Reporting Bugs
@cindex bugs
@cindex problems

If you find a bug in the @command{rainbrurpg-logger} library, please send 
electronic mail to @email{rainbru@@free.fr}. Do not report bug about a
program using the library, but the library itself.
Include the version number, which you can find by
running @w{@samp{[executable] --version}}.  Also include in your message 
the output that the program produced and the output you expected.@refill

If you have other questions, comments or suggestions about
@command{rainbrurpg-logger}, contact the author via electronic mail to
@email{rainbru@@free.fr}.  The author will try to help you out, although he
may not have time to fix your problems.

@node Concept Index,  , Problems, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@cindex tail recursion
@printindex cp

@shortcontents
@contents
@bye
